THE LOSERS (2010)
MAN 1 : Sorry, l just can't give you
that kind of information.
l'll do anything else. l just can't do that.
l can't betray my country. l won't.
This country gave me everything.
Oh, God. Just keep him away from me.
Please. Don't let him near me.
Oh, no! Oh, God!
Come on, baby. Just relax into it.
Let Godzilla do his thing.
[MAN 1 GRUNTING]
MAN 2: Come on. This is wrong
on so many IeveIs. You in or not?
And get cheated again?
What? No. the Pooch may Iie.
the Pooch may steaI. the Pooch may--
-Refer to himseIf in the third person?
-OccasionaIIy. But the Pooch won't cheat.
WeII. the Pooch can reIax.
I was worried about Cougar.
POOCH:
Yeah. right. It's aIways the quiet ones.
What? It's BIind Man's BIuff.
High card wins.
How in the heII can a man cheat you?
POOCH:
Cards.
FeeI Iike I got something here.
I got something.
Queen. king. jack. Queen. king. jack.
AII right.
One. two. three. go.
I got a great. great feeIing
about this one.
-Your mama had a great feeIing Iast night.
-Oh. that was a mama joke.
What? AII right.
-AII right. Iet's go.
JENDEN: Okay. it's a game.
AII right. I wiII raise you.
-You don't wanna do that.
JENDEN: Oh. no?
-Got this piece off that Honduran generaI?
-Yes.
Guess what? I'm definiteIy in.
[JENDEN LAUGHING]
-Let's go.
-AII right.
JENDEN:
Whoa!
[LAUGHING]
-DhouId even me up.
-How many do you have?
What is going on here?
Coug. it's your bet.
MAN:
Hey. Iosers!
It's time.
We got a drug and arms deaIer
named FadhiI...
...running a homegrown terrorist assembIy
Iine out by the Madre de Dios River basin.
We find it. we paint it for a Iaser-targeted
bomb. we get the heII out.
No muss. no fuss.
For that. they need us?
You'd rather take on 50 dudes
with AK's?
[LAUGHD]
AII right. I got eyes on Monsieur FadhiI.
-Paint it.
POOCH: Dhowtime. feIIas.
Go ahead and caII me MicheIangeIo.
JENDEN: Dropkick. this is PinbaII.
Request fire mission.
The target is Iased. and you are cIear
to make a run from north to south. Over.
PILOT: Roger. PinbaII.
target acquired and Iocked.
Be advised. ETA fireworks.
zero eight Mikes.
Roger. we'II break out the earpIugs.
Boss?
CLAY:
They're using kids as muIes.
-CaII it in.
-We have chiIdren at target site.
Repeat. we have eyes on chiIdren
at target site. PIease advise.
MAN [OVER RADIO]:
Acknowledged. Maintain position.
Maintain position?
What is he taIking about?
We strongIy recommend canceIIation
of payIoad deIivery.
Your orders stand. Prep for extraction.
Cougar.
Dropkick. this is PinbaII.
Equipment has suffered
catastrophic system faiIure.
Am caIIing an on-site abort.
Well, that was just stupid.
Is this Mission ControIIer?
This is Max, Colonel Clay.
No one uses names on comms.
This is a secure miIitary channeI.
-Really?
-Goddamn it. Iisten to me.
There are chiIdren on site.
And you think l didn't know that?
We locked coordinates
the moment you painted.
Delivery will occur on schedule.
-Have a super day.
-You can't--
Dhit! Jensen. contact the pIane directIy.
CaII an abort.
I'm trying. He's jamming us.
There's nothing I can do.
There's something we can do.
AII right. here it is.
Five against the fortress.
We got maybe. what. eight minutes before
an airstrike sets the worId on fire.
PIenty of time.
I'II drive.
[GUNDHOT]
[RAPID GUNFIRE]
Us against 50 dudes with AK's. huh?
Jensen. Pooch. get a truck for the kids.
Rest. out in five.
-Airstrike in four and change. Iadies!
-Be out in four. RaIIy point. On me.
PILOT:
Three minutes to target.
Come on. Iet's go!
Out you go. Come on. kids.
[IN DPANIDH]
-Okay. you go over here with him.
ROQUE: Come on. mama. Come on.
I got this. Get them out.
AII right. who's your papi? Let's go
this way. Let's go. Come on. Iet's go.
POOCH:
Ah.
-No.
-Yeah.
-ReaIIy?
-Why not?
-Can you?
-Of course.
Okay.
[DHOUTING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[WOMEN DCREAMING]
Ladies.
Up you get. Up you get.
POOCH [OVER RADIO]: Clay, we got
the kids. Rally point, two minutes.
Max sent you. didn't he?
I won't commit to his pIan. he does this.
I'm gonna make this reaI easy for you.
You Iet him go. I Iet you Iive.
Come here. son.
Come here. son. WaIk to me.
Attaboy.
POOCH:
Clay, get the hell out. We gotta go, now.
He'II kiII you too. you know.
[GUNDHOTD]
PILOT:
Target is locked. T minus 20 seconds.
Oh. you stop for coffee in there?
What kind of bIast radius
we Iooking at?
Okay. Pooch. I need you
to make this bus go a IittIe faster.
-Everybody. hoId on to something.
-Like right now!
[ALL DCREAMING]
I got it. I got it!
CLAY:
There we go. Pooch!
Whew.
[CHILDREN LAUGHING]
MAN 1 : Pinball, this is Chopper 3.
Prepare for extraction.
My favorite part was
when we were compIeteIy on fire.
But the shootout. that was good times.
CLAY:
There she bIows.
WeII done.
Let's go. Iet's go.
-AII right. everyone together.
-Come on. Iet's go.
JENDEN:
There you go. Good job.
MAN 2: Dir. there's not enough room
for your team and them.
Then it's them.
-Let's go. guys.
POOCH: AII right. here we go.
CLAY:
Watch your heads.
[COUGAR DPEAKING IN DPANIDH]
[CLAY DPEAKD IN DPANIDH]
You keep your bear.
You keep him safe. Okay?
[DPEAKD IN DPANIDH]
Adios. Get them out of here.
Those are some cute IittIe buggers.
Hope they make it to the court martiaI.
What is that? You hear that?
[AIRCRAFT DRONING]
Guys. this is bad.
MAN 1 [OVER RADIO]:
Max, Cobra One, Bandit locked.
MAN 2:
Understood.
Cobra One, kill Bandit.
No!
[DPEAKING IN DPANIDH]
That's supposed to be us.
WOMAN [ON Tv]: Protests today in front of
the American Embassy, a violent response...
...to the deaths of 25 Bolivian children
killed during the operation.
Let me be perfectIy cIear.
In no way were these men acting
under orders from the U.D. government.
Is there gonna be some kind
of ceremony for them?
Where's the ring?
DOLL:
l love you, Mommy. You're so pretty.
l love you, Mommy.
[BELL RINGD]
[CROWD YELLING]
What are you doing? No. no. no!
-Jeez. He's gonna get murdered.
-Come on. come on. come on.
[BELL RINGD]
[GROAND]
This is disgusting.
AII right. I'm officiaIIy disgusted by us.
-And you Iost again.
-We Iost again.
-No. you put the bet down.
-You gave me the money.
Yeah. and that was stupid of me.
wasn't it?
I mean. couId this get any more sIeazy?
[MEN DHOUTING IN DPANIDH]
I suppose if we started drinking.
You're not--? You're not drinking?
[DPEAKING IN DPANIDH]
Come on. get him in there!
Thank you.
[DPEAKD IN DPANIDH]
I found a guy onIine who says
he can trade inteI on Max for cash.
-AII we gotta do is make a IittIe money.
-We don't have money.
We're gonna go PayPaI-ing some kid
in a basement who's most IikeIy Iying?
You were there.
You know the man tried to kiII us.
The man did kiII us. CIay.
No. we gotta stay focused. AII right?
On the mission.
Get money. get cIean passports. get back
to stateside without anybody noticing.
-Didn't even see what he Iooks Iike.
-We heard his voice.
A man with a voice
is a man with a throat.
Come on. CIay. just Iook around you.
Do you think we're in a position
to actuaIIy take on some CIA super spook?
-Roque.
-It's a heII of a pIan.
You know what? Pooch can set up
over there by the taco stand.
Jensen can set up communications
right there by the hookers.
-Captain.
-Yo! Yo.
You're not a soIdier anymore.
You're not a soIdier. AII right?
CIay. for chrissakes.
you're Iosing the men.
-The men are fine.
-Yeah. weII. you're Iosing me. AII right?
He won. we Iost. Just get us home.
Can you do that?
[CHATTERING]
[MAN DINGING IN DPANIDH]
[DPEAKD IN DPANIDH]
How's your steak?
Meaty.
You want a bite?
Maybe Iater.
Okay.
Do I know you?
ReIax. Papi.
Do I not Iook reIaxed?
No.
Think we can change that?
Wow. it's everything a girI can dream of.
Do you have a bathroom?
No. I specificaIIy requested
the onIy hoteI room in the worId...
...that doesn't have a bathroom.
Are you trying to turn a yes into a no?
Oh. Thank you.
Do. what brings you to BoIivia?
Cruise ship.
We're a IandIocked country.
WeII. it's an amazing cruise ship.
Where were we now?
WeII. I think you were about to teII me...
...how you enjoy foIIowing me.
You saw me. didn't you?
I did.
I bet you didn't see me
on Mercado Dtreet.
I have a business proposition
for you. CIay.
Oops. What happened to your accent?
Oops.
[GRUNTING]
I don't wanna hurt you.
-You're not going to.
-Oh. yes. I am.
-Hi.
What do you want?
I can heIp you find Max.
I'm Iistening.
[DIREN WAILING IN DIDTANCE]
How did you know we were aIive?
I counted the number of teeth
in the chopper wreckage.
PIus you guys aren't exactIy subtIe.
Here's the deaI.
I get you and your men back in the Dtates.
In exchange. you get Max for me.
-What's the catch. Iady?
-It's pretty much a suicide mission.
Why shouId I trust you?
Because if I were Iying. I wouIdn't have
used the words ''suicide mission.''
Just meet me here tomorrow.
And bring your boys.
-Goodbye.
-Hey.
[DHUTTER CLICKD]
If you're Iying to me. I'II kiII you.
It was nice meeting you too.
CLAY:
Yes. it was.
JENDEN: I'm sorry we're Iate.
There was a party at the doII factory.
It was Pepito's birthday.
POOCH: ReaIIy?
JENDEN: Yeah.
[LAUGHING]
Do she wanted to meet in a cemetery.
Because that's not.
Iike. foreboding at aII.
-Am I the onIy one that sees this shirt?
-No.
Oh. it's my niece's soccer team.
Eight and under.
I checked their scores onIine and I--
What?
They're in the pIayoffs.
CLAY:
What do you have on her?
JENDEN:
Besides a pant-busting crush?
Her company fiIe is bIank.
CIA has a standing kiII order on her.
As does Hamas. Dinn Fein.
Pretty much everyone with the exception of
PETA wants this chick amscrayed.
You thinking cIear on this? Because every
time you mess up. it's because of a woman.
-Name one time that I--
-Amber.
-Amber's husband was the probIem.
-Her husband wasn't the one who shot you.
-OnIy in the Ieg.
-What about Emma?
-Doesn't count. I didn't sIeep with Emma.
-Because she put a bomb in your car!
I admit. that did take a IittIe of the romance
out of the reIationship.
Yeah. And now this chick shows up and--
What's her name. Aisha?
And weII. she burns down our hoteI.
I'm cIear. Roque.
ROQUE: WeII. you better be.
because I ain't getting kiIIed by no girI.
It's been a Iong time
since anyone caIIed me a girI.
Dhe put a bomb in your car?
Dhe was voIatiIe.
Aisha. this is Jensen.
Pooch. Roque. Cougar.
ReaIIy? Heh.
GentIemen. in 97 hours.
Max wiII be in Miami.
He traveIs in an armored coIumn
with at Ieast 30 private security...
...armed to the teeth.
You have a better shot
at kidnapping the president.
Good news for you is I have the power
to get you guys back in the U.D...
...and fund the entire op as you see fit.
You get Max and we're square.
And why shouId we beIieve you?
Because I'm the first person you've met
who even admits he exists.
Listen. you guys can aII stay here
in BoIivia and rot.
Or you can go home and get revenge
on the man that framed you.
It's your choice.
CoIoneI?
Don't caII me that.
We're not soIdiers anymore.
POOCH:
Okay. you know that if we do this...
...we are waging a war
against the CentraI InteIIigence Agency.
They started it.
MAX:
Okay. here's what I'm hearing.
I'm hearing. ''No.'' I'm hearing. ''Leave.''
I'm hearing. ''I'm sorry.''
-Is that what I'm hearing?
-We cannot do what you ask. I'm sorry!
MAX: TeII me. NabiI. is this a moraI issue
or a financiaI issue?
-A moraI issue.
-ReaIIy?
You moraIIy object to this deaI?
-Yes. I'm sorry. PIease. Ieave.
-Okay. so that is what I'm hearing.
Now I want you to Iisten to me.
Iisten carefuIIy...
...because I want you to hear this.
Wade?
[DCREAMD]
What is this? What are you doing?
No. pIease!
[DCREAMING]
[WOMAN DCREAMD]
What the heII was that?
WADE:
You gave me the nod.
A hit-him-in-the-face nod.
not a throw-him-off-the-roof nod.
-I thought that's what you wanted.
-At most...
...at most.
that was a break-his-fingers nod.
Jesus. Wade.
The man was a scientific genius.
Granted. his weight signaIed certain
impuIse-controI issues...
...but that's no reason
to throw his fat ass off 57 fIoors.
Dorry.
I think I speak for everyone here
when I say your actions were excessive.
And yes. more than just a IittIe wastefuI.
But then. it does seem
to have had the desired effect.
-I'II teII you what. throw baIdy off next.
-No. pIease. Wait.
We have a different moraI perspective
than our Iate coIIeague.
I need one to test and four to use.
Four snukes?
We wouId need much money.
You wiII have much money.
WeIcome back to the Iand of the Iiving.
How do you wanna begin?
We're gonna go bird hunting.
[DEVICE WHIRRING]
MAX: It's a sonic de-materiaIizer.
Better known as a snuke.
For the 21st-century green terrorist.
Pure destruction.
No poIIution.
WADE:
Do who are we seIIing them to?
Chinese extremists. PLF.
the frigging French Basques.
As Iong as they have the right price
and are wiIIing to use it.
No stockpiIing. no deterrence.
It's Iike giving a handgun
to a 6-year-oId. Wade.
You don't know how it's gonna end...
...but you're pretty sure
it's gonna make the papers.
Another war.
WeII. what do you beIieve in. Wade?
I'm guessing shotguns and big titties.
I aIso enjoy air shows and beer.
We're saving the country...
...doing something for the benefit of
the United Dtates of America.
I was born in Quebec.
Okay. Then we're saving North America.
Oops. Dorry.
Let me have your weapon. Wade.
[RADIO BUZZED]
[CLEARD THROAT]
Base 1. this is CavaIier 415!
We've been in a coIIision
with a civiIian vehicIe.
Carvey's dead
and Freeman's hurt reaI bad.
We need medevac immediateIy.
He's got kids. Base 1. he's got kids!
[JENDEN LAUGHD]
That sucked.
MAN [OVER RADIO]: Roger, Cavalier 415.
-Come on. Jensen. You're better than that.
-Scrambling a chopper. Hang in there.
-He's got kids.
Do contrived.
I used to be good at that. Right. Roque?
-Dhut up.
-Thanks. man.
Robert De Niro who?
-Jensen. shut up.
-You shut up. Roque.
You're dead. I'm spinaI injury.
DpinaI injury can taIk. Dead can't.
Dtop taIking or I'II break your neck reaIIy.
You reaIIy gotta start getting
into character.
I'm serious. man. Dead guy. no taIking.
[HELICOPTER WHIRRING]
AII right.
PILOT: Base 1. this is Medvac DeIta.
We have visuaI on CavaIier 415.
Here we go.
[GROANING]
Buddy. we'II get you patched up
in no time.
Oh. my God. Hi.
What's your name?
CLAY [OVER RADIO]:
Fire when ready, Cougar.
Ow.
-Oh. shit.
PILOT: What the heII's going on?
Woo-hoo.
[GUND CLICK]
You've just been chopper-jacked. feIIas.
Where's my wiId goose?
POOCH:
The GPD?
Got it!
[LAUGHD]
Have you ever seen an EMT
Iook Iike this?
ReaIIy. bro? ''Hi. what's your name?
I have no Iegs.
but I wanna take you on a date''?
Yo. J.
What do you think is up with aII this
''Don't caII me coIoneI'' stuff?
JENDEN:
It's cIassic Ioss of identity.
CIay defined himseIf by his pIace
in miIitary structure...
...his way of measuring the good he did.
Without it. he's just another Ioser
Iike the rest of us.
You know cats can make
a thousand different sounds...
...and dogs can onIy make ten?
Cats. Not to be trusted.
Okay. do me a favor
and never repeat that.
Okay? We're aII set.
Ready to take a giant step for...
...guys who Iike to steaI stuff. I guess.
CLAY: Hit it.
-Dhowtime.
BeautifuI.
-Now. that's a rocket!
-Let them chase that.
That is a rocket!
-Wow. shit!
-Did you see that?
MAN [OVER RADIO]:
Medevac Delta, this is Base 1.
-Oh. my God.
-I'm the bIack MacGyver. BIaGyver.
MAN: What's your situation? Over.
-Time to move.
[LAUGHING]
Hi.
Where you from originaIIy?
The wiIds of Northern Africa.
Wow. so that must've been...
...sandy.
Do you have any hobbies?
When I was IittIe. I coIIected human ears.
Good times.
[LAUGHD]
But it's--
No. no. no. my friend. Iisten.
A gas turbine generator
running a force-fed rectifier unit.
Hook it up to the fueI tank
and...we're in the game.
There are few things in Iife that
IiberaI appIication of duct tape can't soIve.
Are smaII arms gonna be a probIem?
It's taken care of. Thanks.
Which brings me to my question. Aisha.
-What do you want with Max?
-Roque.
No. Dhe did her part.
AII right?
We got home.
I mean. we couId waIk right now.
-You can. but we made a deaI.
-Fuck deaIs. okay?
You made a deaI with CIay.
I want answers.
Max is trying
to buy next-generation weapons.
I don't know the endgame.
What I do know is when Max takes
an interest in something. peopIe die...
...and worId maps get redrawn.
BuIIshit. Do you reaIIy think
you couId take him on. IittIe girI?
No. big boy. You are.
I think I'm just gonna kiII her
right now. CIay.
-No. you're not.
-Yes. I am.
I'm right here. You wanna shoot
your bankroII. go right ahead.
CLAY:
Roque.
Okay. you stay with us.
but if anything smeIIs Iike a trap...
...I get to put a buIIet in your skuII.
Does that sound fair?
That sounds fun.
Dounds Iike my parents.
-I knew you weren't gonna shoot her.
-Not today.
GUARD:
Douthwest perimeter secure.
Load and go.
CLAY:
That's the prize. That's where Max is.
ROQUE: Yeah. I sure hope he doesn't see us
in this bright yeIIow banana Pinto.
Trying to say that you're embarrassed
to be seen in an American cIassic?
This is an American cIassic?
[DIREND CHIRP]
ROQUE:
AII right.
Here we go.
CLAY:
Let's see what you got.
Good shot.
ROQUE:
CIay. where are the seatbeIts. bro?
We don't need seatbeIts.
The G-forces wiII hoId you in your seat.
CLAY [OVER RADIO]:
Jensen, are we wired?
JENDEN:
Max is westbound.
And these hot dogs are deIicious.
ROQUE: This is not a sweet car. dog.
CLAY: This is a cIassic.
ROQUE:
Yeah. this is a cIassic piece of shit.
MAN 1 :
Come on. back up! Move that car!
Lead vehicIe hit. Give me the exits.
MAN 2 [OVER RADIO]:
Northbound and southbound are blocked.
We're trying to clear now.
Dismount.
Form a defensive perimeter
around the package.
CLAY:
This wiII wake them up.
Masks on!
[COUGHD]
[HELICOPTER WHIRRING]
Oh. shit.
Pooch?
Open fire! Dhoot it down now!
[GUNDHOTD]
AII right. here we go.
[BEEPING]
[LAUGHING]
Goddamn.
We are under attack. We need backup.
AII right. easy. Go to your right now.
[GUNDHOTD]
AII right. ease down. ease down.
to your Ieft.
No. no. your other Ieft. Easy. easy.
-Can you Iet me do this?
-Dure.
Can you Iet me do this?
That's right. bitches. I got a crossbow.
JENDEN:
Backdoor is sealed. Take him up.
[GUNDHOTD]
Get out of my way!
Whoa!
-You said smaII arms weren't a probIem.
-Does that Iook Iike smaII arms to you. huh?
-He has a cannon down there.
-Doughnut. Doughnut. doughnut. doughnut!
[POOCH DCREAMD]
WADE:
Dhit!
Dure you've done this before?
Okay. right now. not the time.
Not the time right now.
Pooch. what's your status?
CompIeteIy irritated and possibIy crashing.
but fish is on the hook.
We got Max.
BareIy.
FeIIas. You're not gonna beIieve this shit.
Wade was there.
Wade Travis. 7th Group?
He made me. CIay.
No question.
-Who's he?
POOCH: Ran counter-guerriIIa ops with him.
Just say he's a bad man.
I thought you guys were bad men.
-He's worse.
-AII right. but right now. we need to deaI...
...with the heaviIy armed eviI genius
inside this truck.
Come on.
You ready?
Open the vaIve.
[MEN DHOUTING INDIDTINCTLY
IN TRUCK]
CLAY:
AII right. Iet's unIock this thing.
GUARD:
Hit the ground!
Hit the ground or I'II bIow your head off!
Yeah. I don't think so.
GUARD:
First and finaI warning.
GasoIine. muzzIe fIash. think about it.
Put them down.
[GUND CLICKING]
Coug.
-Where is he?
GUARD: Who?
Max.
Who the heII is Max?
[GRUNTD]
-I can expIain.
-Dhut up.
Jensen. open it.
It's a hard drive...
...from GoIiath. the muItinationaI
manufacturer of everything.
I'm compIeteIy Iocked out.
Without a decryption key.
you're Iooking at a reaIIy cooI paperweight.
Dhoot her. Burn everything.
-Don't you wanna find out what's on it?
-No.
I can't find Max.
Nobody can.
But I knew that he was moving something
that was very vaIuabIe to him.
CIay!
Whatever it is. we can use it against him.
It's Ieverage!
JENDEN: The drive is proprietary technoIogy
buiIt by GoIiath.
The aIgorithm's probabIy
on the mainframe.
-Come on. We're not considering that.
-Wait. wait. wait.
Oh. no. come on. man.
We're not the good guys anymore.
CLAY:
Twenty-five kids.
Twenty-five innocent Iives Iost
because of this guy. Remember?
ROQUE: I do.
-You were there.
Yeah. I was there.
-Max is gonna pay.
-Is this a guiIt trip?
No. I don't want him to pay.
I want my Iife back.
Okay? My Iife back.
Enough of this revenge buIIshit.
-I'm kiIIing her right now.
-You don't Iike the way I'm running things...
...you can find the door.
And go where. CIay?
Huh? Go where?
We're fugitives. Because of you.
What the heII are
you gonna do next. huh?
Put us in a box. because you got beat
by a guy on a radio?
JENDEN: Hey. whoa.
POOCH: Okay. aII right. aII right.
-CooI out. cooI out.
ROQUE: You shouIdn't have done that.
CLAY: I did do it.
-You shouIdn't have done that.
I'm gonna cut your head off. man.
Bring it!
-Hey. get off!
CLAY: Roque.
POOCH:
They know we're aIive. Roque.
OnIy thing we have to use against them
right now is that drive.
Dhe framed us. Are you guys bIind?
Dhe framed us!
We hit GoIiath WorIdwide headquarters
in two days.
You want your Iife back?
You're gonna have to steaI it.
You're wrong. you know that. right?
-Again because of a woman!
-Cut her Ioose.
POOCH:
Cut her Ioose.
Cut her Ioose. Roque.
You cut her Ioose. bro.
This is on you.
MAN [OVER RADIO]:
We're all set, sir.
MAX:
Commence.
-Code.
-PuIsar.
What's puIsar?
What do you know about
deep space tachyons?
Nothing.
-Base-particIe string theory?
-Nothing.
DinguIarity events?
WADE:
Not a ton.
I think we shouId move on. then.
I'm gonna give you 45 seconds to expIain
what happened to my drive.
And who am I Iooking at here. Wade?
CIay and his unit.
CIay and his unit?
That sounds Iike a porno. Wade.
You had them kiIIed four months ago.
I've done a Iot in four months. Wade.
I'm a very busy man.
The BoIivia situation?
FadhiI.
The Max inteI FadhiI gathered--
Was incinerated aIong
with everything eIse in the bIast.
These guys survived.
And they have my drive.
Yeah.
Okay. so five dead men
hijacked you. Wade.
Did you happen to find out
who's behind them?
-Not the CIA. NDA. speciaI ops.
-Yeah. I'm aware it's not us.
Deems Iike the onIy thing we do know is
who they're coming after.
[WHIDTLED]
Get me an 18-man fire team in 12 hours.
-What's the pIan?
The pIan is get me
an 18-man fire team in 12 hours.
-Okay.
-Are we cIear on the pIan?
Or we couId do it a third time.
-CIear.
-Good.
Oh. Wade. you know what I was thinking?
I forgot earIier.
Get me an 18-man fire team in 12 hours.
Are we cIear?
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Do you want some?
AIDHA:
Pooch has a wife.
Jensen has a niece.
When aII this is over and they go home
to their famiIies. what are you gonna do?
I'II think of something.
They'II never Iet you be a soIdier again.
You know that. right?
-You have no one. do you?
-Do you?
I got Roque.
[CHUCKLED]
You know...
...if you two reaIIy fought...
...he wouId kiII you.
[CHUCKLED]
Why's that?
Because of the others.
You care what happens to them.
And you think that's a weakness?
I know it is.
It's the Iaw of the jungIe.
WeII. thankfuIIy. we're not in the jungIe.
Yes. we are.
Good morning.
Oh. wow.
That's just peachy.
POOCH:
AII right. Iook.
We're not going anywhere
untiI you two squash this buIIshit.
-We are on a scheduIe here. Let's go.
-Yeah.
[IN GRUFF VOICE]
Oh. we're on a scheduIe. Okay.
What are you doing?
Roque...
...I'm sorry I hit you in the face.
[CHUCKLED]
[IN NORMAL VOICE]
That was good. That was good. Roque?
Roque?
CIay. I'm sorry I threatened
to cut your head off.
POOCH:
Very good. Wow.
Don't you two feeI so much better?
-No.
I don't give a shit. because I do.
Now. I say we go watch Jensen
get himseIf kiIIed. Yup?
[DINGING]
A singer in a smoky room
Smell of wine and cheap perfume
For a smile they can share the night
lt goes on and on
And on and on
Strangers waiting
Up and down the boulevard
[LINE RINGD]
WOMAN [OVER PHONE]:
Goliath Worldwide Enterprises.
Mr. Anderson. pIease.
Mr. Frank Anderson, Human Resources.
One moment, please.
Wow.
Liking the angIe of the dangIe? Heh.
WOMAN 1 : Mm.
WOMAN 2: Nice.
[PHONE BEEPD]
This is Anderson.
JENDEN: Mr. Anderson. this is Richard Hertz
from InternaI Decurity.
I'm wondering if you'd make your way
to the Iobby.
ANDERDON:
What is this about?
WeII. it's a matter of somewhat
sensitive nature...
...invoIving an individuaI exposing himseIf
to women in the eIevator.
Nasty business. reaIIy.
Best discussed in person.
AII right. I'm on my way.
I'II see you there.
Thank you.
JENDEN:
Hi.
I'm Dkippy from Tech Dupport. here
to instaII the firewaII on Anderson's system.
You just missed him. But if you want.
you can come back in. Iike. an hour?
I couId be out in minutes.
He doesn't have to be there.
-You can't go in.
-Upstairs is riding me.
-But you can't-- Dir--
-Thank you. I appreciate it. I Iike your dress.
Dress?
Too much.
AIgorithm's on the mainframe.
DownIoading it now.
GUARD: Dkippy?
-Hey! Dhit.
-ReaIIy?
-Oh. ho. wow.
Look. I know this probabIy doesn't Iook--
[GRUNTD]
CIay. I need an exit!
CLAY [OVER RADIO]: Circle around the
north side of the building. You'll have cover.
Freeze!
Wow. this got serious.
I'm warning you.
I am a IethaI kiIIing machine.
It was a secret government experiment.
They did stuff to me. Dpooky stuff.
AnaI stuff.
Turned me into a dangerous teIekinetic.
As the ancient Tibetan phiIosophy states:
''Don't start none. won't be none.''
TeIekinetic your way out of this.
-Pow.
-Ah!
-Poof.
-Argh!
Face down. or I'II make your heart
stop beating with my mind.
[JENDEN LAUGHD]
Thank you. Cougar.
JENDEN: Who's got the hard drive?
-Yeah.
And upIoading the aIgorithm.
And....
HoIy shit. GirIfriend was right. Ha. ha. ha.
-It's a courier drive.
-A what?
Twenty-first-century bagman.
Russian mob banks pioneered them.
-Like an eIectronic bearer bond.
POOCH: Okay. aII right.
Day that again.
but a Iot sIower and dumber. pIease.
Okay. Pretend you are super eviI.
And you want to move
a ton of your iII-gotten bIood money...
...but you can't.
because it can be tracked.
Do you Ioad your cash onto
this bad boy...
...and you can physicaIIy move it
anywhere you wanna go.
And we have Max's courier drive. right?
We have Max's $400 miIIion.
[WHIDTLED]
POOCH: AII right. CIay. before you go
do something nobIe Iike smashing it...
...I say we go on Amazon
and get a jet.
It doesn't work that way.
UnfortunateIy courier drives can onIy Ioad
and unIoad on their home systems.
AIthough if we were gonna buy stuff.
I'd say a canary-yeIIow stretch Hummer.
No. no. We're gonna trade it back to him.
He's gonna get his money
and cIear our names.
-No. we made a deaI.
-Yes.
Aisha.
He's gotta kiII us now. You know that.
Yeah. I know that.
This has a record of every IP address
it's been jacked into.
And there's one address
that comes up a Iot.
ObviousIy somepIace
this keeps going back to.
Max's base of ops.
Port of Los AngeIes.
Thing probabIy has fiIes on
every bIack-book op he's ever puIIed.
IncIuding BoIivia.
JENDEN: We couId hit him there.
we couId cIean it out...
...expose the worId to what he's done.
CIear our names in the process.
AII right. it's a good pIan.
And we stiII kiII him.
AbsoIuteIy.
We appreciate you meeting us
at a singIe-story faciIity.
No probIem.
I view that entire incident
as your standard...
...''getting to know each other''
business orientation.
I agree.
But now that we do know each other...
...know that if you ever come near me with
that Yankee DoodIe. tough-guy buIIshit...
...you wiII be fed to my dogs.
As you know. we had a hiccup
on our end with the money.
One biIIion doIIars. This is the new price.
-One biIIion?
-Cash.
Cash is gonna be difficuIt.
DifficuIt? Mr. Wade. Iife the way
you peopIe want to Iive it is difficuIt.
You want Iess difficuIt?
Move to my country. Dtudy Hinduism.
Meditate. CuItivate serenity.
Way Iess difficuIt.
But you want to buy bombs.
I'm afraid that's a more difficuIt
way of Iife.
Mr. Wade.
[DPEAKD INDIDTINCTLY]
[PHONE RINGING]
HeIIo.
He wants one biIIion. in cash.
MAX:
That's a lot of paper routes.
Dtay wet.
Did you get me my 18-man firing team
I asked for?
-Yup.
-Okay.
Change of pIans. KiII them.
KiII my 18 guys?
Or fire them. Whichever is easiest.
HonestIy. firing them.
Okay. Did you give them inteI
on CIay's peopIe?
-WeII. yeah.
-And we're back to kiIIing them.
Fine. I'II kiII them.
What are we doing instead?
What's the matter? You reIated to them?
ActuaIIy one of them. yeah.
ReaIIy? By bIood?
A brother-in-Iaw. I said I'd kiII him.
What are we doing?
It's not what we're gonna do.
It's what CIay's gonna do for us.
-And that is?
-Get us our biIIion. baby.
What are we up against?
Chryon.
Oh. shit.
Who's Chryon?
Chryon Decurity DoIutions.
Ex-DpeciaI Forces.
BasicaIIy a bunch of guys Iike Cougar
without the warm and cuddIy side.
We start recon at 0600.
Anyone not here for it...
...I'II understand.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
I was just going over the pIan.
You wanna go over the pIan?
Let's go over the pIan.
JENDEN:
Ah. shit.
You okay?
Petunias are pIaying the MarigoIds
on Dunday.
Do?
These are the MarigoIds.
Whoa.
-Those are some hard-Iooking 8-year-oIds.
-I know.
Look at these inmates. Heh. heh.
What are you doing?
I was just trying to connect
FadhiI's drug operation with Max's cash.
There's about 4 miIIion missing.
I'm trying to track it down.
-What are you doing. Pooch?
-Jensen hacked a sateIIite for me earIier.
What you need a sateIIite for?
Wait a second. is that today?
POOCH:
Yeah.
ProbabIy knows
if it's a boy or a girI now.
-CongratuIations. man.
POOCH: CongratuIations.
Thank you. man.
Day that now. but you know JoIene.
Dhe finds out I'm aIive.
she's gonna kiII me.
[DIGHD]
I can't Iet her have that baby
without me.
What? What?
Pooch. we aII know
we're gonna die in there.
And we can do that without you.
No. you can't.
Go home.
Got it.
FadhiI's 4 miIIion didn't disappear.
It just went into a private account.
POOCH:
Whose account?
JENDEN:
It's a famiIy trust.
Days that in the event of his death.
goes to his kid.
Name of....
POOCH: Dhit.
-Wow.
AIDHA:
TeII me what happened in BoIivia.
We thought we were on a Iegitimate op.
Paint a terrorist camp
so we couId bomb it.
Turns out we were just executing
some Max vendetta.
Do you knew nothing about FadhiI?
A target's a target.
Never wouId have known the difference
if we hadn't seen those kids and gone in.
You went in?
WeII. yeah. We had to.
It was 25 innocent kids in there. Aisha.
Did you see him?
Yeah.
Why do you wanna know aII this?
Did you kiII FadhiI. CIay?
Who are you?
Dhe's FadhiI's daughter. CIay!
Dhe's FadhiI's daughter!
FadhiI's daughter.
Oh. shit.
Dhe's got a gun and it's pointed at my dick.
CIay. it's pointed at my dick.
Rather it was pointed at your face?
I know it makes no sense. but yes.
Better?
Not reaIIy.
-Where's your gun. Jensen?
-In the van.
POOCH: What's it doing there?
JENDEN: Not much.
-WouId you shut up?
-What if it was pointed at your dick?
[GRUNTD]
[GRUNTING]
JENDEN: Aah!
POOCH: J. where you hit?
Dhe shot me in my arm!
POOCH:
You're gonna Iive. You're gonna Iive.
JENDEN:
Cougar. be gentIe!
[DIREND WAILING IN DIDTANCE]
POOCH:
CIay.
We gotta go. now.
Come on.
Home again. home again. jiggety-jig.
VIKRAM: Do you have the money?
-Jesus.
AIways with the money.
Hi. how are you?
How've you been? Namaste?
I recentIy attended the funeraI of my
best friend who you had thrown off a roof.
How have you been?
I can't compIain.
ActuaIIy I'm thinking about getting
a sateIIite radio for my car.
God. you are short.
DeriousIy. how much do you weigh?
Are you standing in a hoIe? What--?
We have your ordnances.
AIrighty. Let's make a cash withdrawaI.
[IN INDIAN ACCENT]
And who want to be a biIIionaire?
[GLADD DHATTERD]
POOCH:
Dhe burned us.
The whoIe op's bIown.
Dhe knows our names. faces.
Does she know about our famiIies?
Damn it. CIay. Iook at me.
Yes.
I gotta go home. to DpringfieId.
Jensen can come with me.
His niece is in New Hampshire.
I'm done.
WeII. I'm going to the port. okay?
You get back to your famiIies.
We'II get Max.
I did this. I made the caII in BoIivia.
I put your famiIies in danger.
Just Iet me and CIay finish this.
Do you two idiots are gonna
go in there bIind?
Three.
Hey. getting shot's great.
I'm up for doing it again.
Four idiots.
You sons of bitches.
[CHUCKLED]
I'II drive.
Five.
[FENCE BUZZING]
[TADERD BUZZ AND GUARDD GRUNTING]
We're in. Dtatus?
The Pooch is good.
AII right. Mojito.
It's just me and you. Papi.
And this hot-ass van.
MAN:
Hey. you!
[DILENCED GUNDHOT]
And disco.
-What's the password?
-Let us in or I'II kiII you.
Correct.
Main server is two skyIights over.
I'm coming out of that door.
Be ready to move as soon as Cougar
hits the fire aIarm. Get gone.
I'm above the computer room.
Maybe 30 seconds out.
POOCH:
Dhit.
Wade's here.
[OVER RADIO]
Last chance to get the hell out of Dodge.
Roger that.
-Hey. CIay.
-Yeah?
Check this out.
Go. Petunias.
And the crowd goes wiId.
GUARD:
Where do you think you're going?
How you guys doing?
CLAY:
Cougar, squelch when you're in position.
DqueIch.
[FOOTDTEPD APPROACHING]
Cougs? Cougs?
GUARD:
WeII. what do we have here?
What's up. feIIas?
I think someone's trying to set us up.
CLAY:
Jesus.
Domething's not right.
[GRUNTING]
Oh. yeah?
[GROANING]
HeIIo. CIay.
Roque.
Wade.
Yeah.
After the Miami fiasco. I cut a deaI. CIay.
You're a goddamn traitor.
No. you betrayed us!
You were gonna keep pIanning missions.
ways to find Max. untiI you got us aII kiIIed.
-No.
-Yes! I tried to teII you. You wouIdn't Iisten.
No. you wanted your revenge.
The face-to-face with the big bad woIf.
The voice on the radio. AII that buIIshit.
Now I get to waIk away.
We aII wouId've waIked. Roque.
Don't you get it yet?
There's no server.
Max Iured you here.
This is a CIA cash stash.
KiII me now
and maybe you waIk away from this.
WADE:
No. you die Iater.
You're about to steaI a biIIion doIIars
from the CIA.
CongratuIations. Roque.
You just heIped these asshoIes
get everything they need to start a war.
We cooI?
He's not my probIem.
WADE:
Take him away.
Let's get back to the boat.
HoId on. HoId on.
I foIIowed you everywhere. man.
Everywhere.
Just couIdn't do that shit no more.
You're gonna die very badIy.
No.
GUARD:
Come on. Iet's go.
[IN NORMAL VOICE]
Do you have any fours?
Go fish?
You actuaIIy have two fours. Two.
You don't understand this game. do you?
Looks Iike somebody's money's here.
By the way...
...your ordnances are right here.
MAX:
Tricky Vikki.
VIKRAM:
Four snukes and a Ducati.
As requested.
Do you're Max?
WeIcome to the team.
Dupervise the Ioading of the money
onto our pIane.
What do you mean?
What do you mean?!
[IN INDIAN ACCENT]
New change of pIan.
Roque.
Move.
Move it. Let's go.
GUARD 1 : Get down on your knees.
GUARD 2: You heard him.
No?
[DPITD]
[GUNDHOT]
Pooch!
-Don of a bitch!
GUARD: You know. I Iike that hat.
That's a great hat.
Hey.
I reaIIy don't care if there's a hoIe in it.
[GRUNTING]
What are you smiIing at?
Now that's a bad-ass chick.
[GRUNTING]
Payback's a bitch.
Never touch the hat. Hm?
Can you stand?
I've been shot in both of my Iegs.
What kind of dumbass question
is that? ReaIIy?
Do now we're Mr. Grumpy Pants.
You're not the onIy one
who's been shot today.
Dude. you're standing.
GUARD:
Back it up.
[IN NORMAL VOICE] I'm gonna need you
to arm this device right now.
Extremists are about to be framed for
cratering the great Port of L.A.
-You are insane.
-I am engineering a gIobaI terrorist confIict...
...that's finaIIy gonna restore some order
to this big bIue marbIe.
Now Iight the firecracker.
POOCH:
Cougs.
AIDHA:
CIay!
Did you kiII him?
My father found out about
Max's reaI pIans.
He was gonna stop him.
Did you kiII him?
Yes.
-Aisha. he was a bad man.
-It doesn't matter!
I know.
You can kiII me right now.
Or you can Iet me heIp you do
what you need to do.
Either way. I get it.
Let's go get Max.
CLAY: Wade said boat.
That means we're at the docks.
Pooch. can you stand?
Oh. Oh. this is stupid question day.
This is stupid question day.
Nobody decided to teII me.
-No. that's cooI. That's awesome.
JENDEN: Come on. LegIess Pooch. I got you.
-Here we go.
CLAY: AII right. Iet's move.
This isn't over yet.
ROQUE: Come on. feIIas. I hate to rush you.
but I got a pIane to catch.
GUARD:
Come on!
[GUNDHOTD]
ROQUE: There you go. there you go!
Get it in there. Iet's go!
I got Roque. Rest of you get Wade.
Cougar. run point cover.
LegIess Pooch and I are on it.
Come on. buddy.
CaII me LegIess Pooch again.
you're gonna be HeadIess Jensen.
I think it's a cooI name.
Makes you sound Iike a pirate.
Your mama's a pirate.
Go!
[GUNDHOTD]
Cover me!
[YELLD]
-Get us in the air.
-We don't have room for Iift.
Hey. do as you're toId!
Go down there and turn around!
[GUND CLICKING]
-Dhit!
-Damn it.
[YELLD]
[GRUNTING]
You know. I aIways wondered
how this was gonna pIay out. CIay.
I toId you aIready. You die very badIy.
Oh. yeah?
AII right.
[GRUNTING]
Oh. my God.
Jensen. run! Run!
[GUNDHOTD]
-Now I'm definiteIy gonna cut your head off.
-Go for it.
ROQUE:
Don of a bitch!
[DCREAMING]
You Iose!
[GRUNTING]
We're cIear to take off.
Get us out of here.
Okay. aII right.
-Get us out of here.
-Okay!
VIKRAM:
The ordnance is Iive.
And this is the remote trigger.
COMPUTERIZED VOICE:
Detonation in ten, nine--
[PLANE ENGINE WHIRRING]
That son of a bitch is steaIing our cash!
AIDHA [OVER RADIO]:
Clay, Wade's on the move.
Clay!
You got Wade coming at you!
-Run him over.
-What?
Run him over!
Take him.
[WADE DCREAMING]
[DCREAMD]
[LAUGHING]
Outstanding.
JENDEN:
Clay, we got a situation here.
l'm looking at a giant, vibrating
Easter egg from hell and no Max.
I think I see him.
Initiate backup pIan C.
The one where you rescue me.
Dhit.
ETA? I'm at rendezvous.
HeIIo?
What's the matter? Crappy reception?
-That was my ride.
-Bummer.
-CIay. is it?
-CoIoneI.
Do you know what this is. then?
-Remote pressure trigger.
-Very good.
I reIease the button for ten seconds
and everything goes boom.
Do since you can't shoot me--
[MAX GROAND]
Goddamn it!
You wanna try that again?
That hurt.
Having fun? Enjoying yourseIf?
Give me the trigger. I Iet you Iive.
You know the worst thing about
being the good guy?
What's that?
Having to make decisions Iike this.
Hey! Ha. ha. ha. Look what Pooch found!
Look what I found.
This shouId do it.
Disarmed.
[PHONE RINGD]
HeIIo?
It's Max.
Hi. Max.
MAX:
Colonel. Nice catch.
We could've shared the dream together.
Now you're back to where you started.
Yeah. weII. I wouIdn't go that far.
Why's that?
WeII. now I know what you Iook Iike.
Be seeing you soon. Max.
It's a nice watch. homes.
Come with us.
When this is over and he's dead...
...you and I are gonna finish that dance.
Fair enough.
Yo. Iet's go home.
Dhe is voIatiIe.
[THUNDER CRADHED]
[RAIN PATTERING]
Poppa. Poppa. we are cIear.
Detting perimeter.
You're five by.
I'm a IittIe nervous
about this one. coIoneI.
CLAY: Whatever happens.
you get to that package.
-Mission is Iive.
-AcknowIedged.
I'm in.
Okay. The Pooch can do this.
The Pooch can do this.
Hey.
DOCTOR:
Dir. you can't come in here.
It's okay.
I'm the father.
Where the heII have you been?
Traffic.
[CHUCKLED]
Traffic?
POOCH [OVER RADIO]:
lt's a boy. lt's a boy, Clay.
-And he looks just like me.
CLAY: Congrats.
Cheers.
AIDHA: We're taking a big chance here.
CLAY: They're getting slaughtered.
[CROWD CHEERING]
Come on. ref! Watch number nine!
Dhe's throwing eIbows!
-Dhh.
Dorry. I'm sorry.
Hi. My niece. number 21.
Dhe's the star of the team.
-Diaper change.
-What?
-CoIoneI. you wanna jump on this for me?
-I'd rather jump on a Iive grenade.
I'm invested.
I have 100 doIIars on this game.
Who'd you find to bet
on a girIs' soccer game with?
Yeah.
You bet against the Petunias?
WeII. he gave me points.
Big mistake.
Let's go. girIs. Let's go. girIs!
Oh. no.
Hey. hey. hey! You okay?
Are you aII right?
-What is that? That is a fouI! Are you bIind?
-Get off the fieId. sir! Are you bIind?
Hey. boss. boss.
-Get off the fieId!
-You're not gonna bIow your whistIe?
Oh. yeah. yeah.
-Better--
-Yeah. we shouId.
-A girI kicked to the ground is not a fouI?
-Get off!
I wanna know who you work for!
How high up does this go?
Get off the fieId!
This is worse than the NBA!
Okay. come on.
Come on. Loser!
You don't deserve to wear those stripes!
[ENGLIDH - UD - DDH]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
WHITE: I've been a fan of Zoe's
for a Iong time. I just thought she...
...first. Iooked very much Iike
the character in the graphic.
And I knew she couId have
the physicaIity that the roIe demanded.
DALDANA: The reaIity of pIaying
the onIy femaIe...
...but aIso being. Iike. a badass femaIe
was very enticing to me. Very.
MORGAN: AII of us actors are
a bunch of guys and we act Iike it.
To kind of fit in to that.
you know. she has to be pretty tough...
...and have a good sense of humor.
and I'II be damned if she doesn't fit in.
Training with guns. and the fighting
and everything was much easier...
...than just doing the research of how
I was gonna pIay Aisha.
It's not the typicaI roIe for a woman
in an action fiIm.
Dhe's not the Iady in distress
that the guys have to rescue.
It's quite the contrary here.
Listen. you guys can aII stay here
in BoIivia and rot.
Or you can go home and get revenge
on the man that framed you.
It's your choice.
Dhe makes them an offer that sounds
too good to be true.
And. um-- But it's aIso an offer
that they can't refuse.
There's a Iot of mistrust
from the beginning...
...because you don't know
what this woman is hiding up her sIeeve.
ELBA: I'm gonna go ahead
and kiII her.
DALDANA: Ha. ha. Are you now?
ELBA: Right now.
-Yeah?
MAN: No. you're not.
I'm right here.
If you wanna shoot your bankroII.
go right ahead.
You better not miss.
Okay. you get to stay.
But if anything smeIIs Iike a setup.
I get to put a buIIet in your skuII.
Does that sound fair to you?
That sounds fun.
Dhe's the badass who. you know.
gives them their caII to action...
...who rescues them from the viIIains.
who rescues them from death.
DALDANA: I think DyIvain reaIIy knew
who he wanted. I feeI reaIIy gratefuI...
...because by the time we aII had
the wardrobe. and the hair...
...and the accessories on.
it feIt Iike everybody fit their character.
GOLDDMAN: Zoe brought a reaIIy
wonderfuI spirit to the roIe.
Dhe wanted to be the manipuIator.
which is correct.
And. uh. you know.
she's a very smart actress.
DALDANA:
The thing I Iike about Aisha and CIay...
...is they're attracted to each other
for aII the reasons...
...as to why
they shouIdn't be hooking up at aII.
They can kiII each other at any moment.
They're witty as heII.
They have trust issues.
And they find each other irresistibIe.
I have a business proposition
for you. CIay.
Dhe met with us and she was just
so smart and tough and arrogant.
AII those things that we expect that
girI to be. she brought aII that with her.
Dhe brought to it a reaI conviction
that there was something...
...very feminist about it.
HUMPHRIED: Dhe runs Iike a deer.
she performs Iike a baIIerina...
...and that is easy to work with
when you're trying to...
...choreograph her tacticaI movement.
I've worked with severaI femaIe actors
and most of the good ones I've had...
...have been dancers.
Dhe's exceptionaIIy good to watch.
Dhe reaIIy is. I can't put her
in a bad position.
What reaIIy comes out in this movie
is her reaIIy strong physicaIity...
...and how beIievabIe she is.
HUMPHRIED:
Dhe's very good at what she does.
Just with her naturaI skiIIs
she comes across as somebody...
...that cIearIy knows
how to handIe a weapon...
...and how to do things
that must be done...
...in situations
that she finds herseIf in.
Then you come in here. You know
what I mean? Give me that step into it.
WARREN: The scene in the moteI.
the fight between Aisha and CIay...
...when it was first brought to us...
...it was supposed to be just this
knock-down. drag-them-out kind of fight.
But then. fortunateIy.
Jeffrey Dean Morgan...
...Zoe DaIdana and. of course.
DyIvain White. the director...
...came together and said
we wanna bring character out in it.
And we created. possibIy.
one of the most amazing...
...visceraI fights that you'II see.
But at the same token.
it gets quite steamy.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
There's something reaIIy sexy about
a woman kicking the shit out of a man.
But just a woman that can hoId her own
and she's not just running away.
And she stays with it.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
MAN:
And we cut.
This is a three-minute fuII-on brawI
with a beautifuI young woman...
...and. uh. it was reaIIy hot.
the fIames were reaI.
Interesting on a Iot of IeveIs.
The one thing that I Ioved about how
Garrett designed this fighting scene...
...is that he aIso made it very pIayfuI.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
DALDANA: It's misIeading. You think
they're about to hook up and have...
...the steamiest adventure ever...
...and they end up
kicking the crap out of each other.
But reaIizing that it's kind of hot.
And they become business partners
after that.
Dhe's very strong. very powerfuI.
never Iets down.
And that's reaIIy who she is
in the graphic.
And Zoe was reaIIy abIe to breathe
genuine strength into the character.
Dhut up. Jensen.
MAN:
Two. three. four.